Bill Clinton
The real President Clinton has an average sentence length of 110.28 characters
The Recurrent Neural President Clinton resembles the real President Clinton at 34.9%
The Recurrent Neural President Clinton resembles the real President Trump at 42.2%

Sample speech
"Dear Americans, and the streets of the first time the proposal the Senator Kennedy and the Congress to passed the Senators and the Congress who are a stronger the streets the people to be the people to the problems and the people to the people to see the people to help the teachers of the people who work to stop the first time to the streets and the world the families to pay the first time and the street of the families and health care and the people to do the same time to the people who have also have to see the end the last about the programs to see the politics of the people to start the first time to provide the people to help the people are strength of the people the opportunity to strengthen the teachers and the people who have the problems of the first time to help the same troops to stop the programs the productivity to strengthen the streets of the problems of the police to help the streets and the commitment to provide the people who have the states of the people who work to provide the same to the people to be here and the political programs the proposal to pay a chance to provide the people to see the people to see the people to see the world to help the people to pay the same time the same to the people the first time in the first time and the people the people to help the first time to complete the people are always a future the people to the people are the proposal the environment and the states to be the problems of the street of the people are stronger here and the endured to see the people to do the people the strength of the people to do the communities and the world. The Senator Kosovo and the Congress to a single and the same time the people who have the people the Senate the Congress and Congress that the Senate the Congress and Congress the Senator King and the Senate the Congress and Congress who are a stronger and the Senator Kennedy is the Congress and the Congress and the Congress and the Congress the Senate the Congress to see the Senate the China, Republicans Congress and the Congress the Senate than and the Congress and Congress the Congress and the Congress and the Congress with the people to see the people the television the problems of the Senate the Congress and Congress the Senator Somalia to improve it has stronger and the Congress the strength of the State and the Congress who have a partnerships and the Senate and I have a construction to do the streets to strengthen the Palestinian Senator Kennedy and the Congress the political secure the strength of the people are also have the people to provide the states and the people who are a stronger and the streets and the people are stronger and the promise of the states and the same true the same time to the streets and the people to the Congress and the Congress to strengthen the Senate and the Senate the Congress and the Senator Kennedy and the Congress have the people to see the best to see the same to provide the continue to strengthen the problems and the best strength of the community of the streets and the commitment and the streets and the people the teachers to the Congress to provide the streets who are a stronger for the continue to stay at the Congress and the Congress and the Congress the people the Congress to the Congress the strength and the Congress and the Congress the Senate the Senate to provide the states and strength of the Congress and the Congress and the Congress and the Congress the first time the Senator Somalia's a stronger the Congress the Congress to pay the same to see the Congress and the Congress and the Congress to strengthen the Palestinian Somalia to Congressional Congress and the Congress and the Congress the programs the State of the Congress the Congress the Senator 0 the Congress the State of the Carmal Mr."

Clinton as Clinton:     "[Thank you, Senator Kyl and Senator Feinstein, for your ground breaking work here] to end the states and the heart and the end the first time the first time to the programs the problems of the people who work to pay the prosperity to strengthen the people who work to strengthen the people who have the strengthen the conversity to the contribute to provide the streets of the commitment to strengthen the people are also going to save the people the problems of the people who have a comprehensive the streets and the communities and the people who have the largest force and the same time of the community and the people are also want to continue to strengthen the people who work to strengthen the problems of the world the people who are a standards of the first time to the people who have to pay the real community and the political programs that the same true the programs the police officers of the private training the people who work to make the commitment and the first time and the productivity to provide and the community of the far more than any provide the streets to be able to make the conversity to a community and the bill to provide and the first time the health care and the people to strengthen the defense the end the first time of the problems of the facing the problems of the people are a stronger a programs that the streets and a people to do the world's great the committed to help the programs that the American people to the same truth."

Clinton as Trump:       "[In America, we understand that a nation is only living as long as it is striving] the commitment to the problems. The way to a first time that we have a percent of the end the problems to the security and programs that the problems and the problems to stop the promise of the police officers of the first time to give the problems to the problems to the continuing the Second, and the programs that we can not the communities and the productivity for the continue the first time to be able to the private the people to the first time to the police on the programs the students streets to achieve the programs is a problems to strengthen the continue to strengthen the programs to make a stronger the streets of the deficit to the programs the people who work to the first time to provide the support the health care and the private to the people who have to provide the time to start the very places and the entire tax cuts for the people are the first time and the same administration to the first time to investment to the first time they will be able to the first time to the problems to do the private the strength of the American people to the people to put the first time the same reality of the construction to all the programs in the last to the first time to the streets of a firmative action to help to the communities and the people to the streets and the face of the people are all the police officers to the police for the people are stronger afford the same trust the people who are some of the same time to the last a future that the commitment to strengthen the first time the problems the first time to pass the first time the first time the first time to help the private to stay the streets and the participate the conviction and the streets to the first time to the programs to the people who are and the police officers of the first time the same programs that the change the commitment to the first time to change the still around the last 1 third the problems of the people to provide the programs in the people who work to the world."

Clinton:                "[People keep telling me orange but I still prefer pink.] The Congress and Congress to the people who have to stay the people who were more than any other and the promise of the people who have the same time to the last time to strengthen the streets and the same time to see the programs to do the police officers of the people who are and the proposal the world. The Senator Somalia to stay that the Senator Americans and the Congress to the streets of the people to strengthen the people who are all the American people to help the world. The first time and the people of the Senator King a stronger and help to the most important to provide the American people to the streets and the same troops and the first time to the commitment to the programs to stand to stand of the environment to the streets and the same true the best the same troops to the first time to the convictions of the people are all of our children of the world."

Donald Trump
The real President Trump has an average sentence length of 70.681 characters
The Recurrent Neural President Trump resembles the real President Trump at 41.9%
The Recurrent Neural President Trump resembles the real President Clinton at 33.4%

Sample speech
"Dear Americans, and they want to all of the president of the presidents of our country. We will be providing the way they were all over the world. We have a lot of people that are our country. We will never the last the privilege to the best things to be all over the privilege of Americans are working our country to the end the world. We have to look the United States and the way the world to be a court that we will be starting our country. We will not be all about the world. We will never been a lot of people are now include our natious countries of American people that are the world. We have to protect our country to seek to do it in the presidency, and we will not be all of the world that is the privilege of the same that we will be all over the world. They want to thank the world have to come to seek to come also the country and the way the world. We will not believe the world we have a lot of love the policy to protect the wall over the presidency and the world. The United States with the president comes to the press our progress in the priority of our country."

Trump as Trump:         "[Because I wasn't a politician, fortunately], and they will be a lot of people that is why we have to be able to be able to be able to a big says. Because I was a lot of people are now it was a lot of countries of the best way. Because they want to thank you very much. We will be able to the path and the way they want to thank you. Thank you very much. We will be back in the world. But we're going to be so many of the world."

Trump as Clinton:       "[People do have a right to know that their air and their water are safe] to seek to come in the presidency. We will never been better than any other countries. We will not believe it. We would have to do it. We will never been the world. We have a lot of people that is why our country. We will never be one that starting to be the American people that is to be all over the privilege of wars of the world. We will never be one of the world has been a lot of people who are too protect the world."

Trump:                  "[People keep telling me orange but I still prefer pink.] We will be all over the privilege and the world. We will be all of the privilege of the people in the principles are the world with the same that we will be standing about the numbers are also protect the people who are our country. We will not the course of the world to come back and the train better than any other countries in the world. We will be save the country."